Don't let The Candle Of Love, Hope and Friendship die! Brad, Rick and I are discussing how to handle these two. If you have any questions, please let me know. If you have any questions, please let me know. Jodie and Raetta, I am giving a presentation to Measurement to review Gas Logistic's functions and interactions with other departments. I would like for both of you to attend this meeting if possible. Gary, I am assuming you are getting a room in the Three Allen Center? Please let me know if you would like to get a room in the Enron Building. Shelley, just wanted to recap a couple of things going on. If something comes up tomorrow, please don't hesitate to page me. Documentation of Plainview allocations procedures - Mike Bodnar is building based on the existing requirements 2. Bushton upstream supply issue - Terry and John are working with Penny McCarren to ensure all departments Marketing, Legal, Regulatory, Gas Logistics have the same procedural understanding 3. Frank Semin are putting together recommendation. Third Party storage procedures and implementation on Transok. Steve and I working with Mike Stage and group 12. Strangers Gas Review - I am working with Mary Darveaux 13. Issue with Solution Center on common drives - Terry Kowalke I will be out of the office tomorrow, Friday, November 2. Remember John and Terry are both out as well. For any scheduling issues please contact Mike Bodnar or Steve January. Larry and Raetta will be available also. I will be on call this weekend. Don't hesitate to call if you need something. Have a great day, and I will see ya'll on Monday. The Sequel 2000 conversion on the reports went well. Brad's team was here to help Sunday morning and I believe that made things go smoother. There were a few isolated situations which were turned around quickly. Debbie, here are the two slides for my presentation. Please let me know if you have any questions. Just wanted to let you know this is replacing our Tuesday morning meeting which was not working well since everyone moved. here are the questions and answer as I recall from the conference call today. Please let me know of any changes or corrections and I will make them then send to Virginia Power. Greg, here are the questions and answers that we promised you from the conference call on Tuesday, November 6. Please review and let Vernon or I know if you need any clarification. What fields can be changed on a nomination and the nomination still keep its flowing gas rights from the previous cycle? Where can I find information on Imbalance Tiering in relation to mandatory monthly cash out? What points are in the grouping to determine a demarc allocation? Answer - Beatrice Trailblazer and demarc are the only two points in the group 4. If Virgina Power is transporting gas to demarc and demarc is allocated, can Virginia Power switch their nomination to demarc deferred delivery and keep their gas flowing? So far the new process is working well and we were thinking about discontinuing this report unless you need it for Stan's meeting? Remember we give you the Socal Window and scheduled volumes as well as the west of thoreau scheduled volumes on the weekend notes. Joanne, thank you very much for the invitation, but I will not be able to attend. Shelley, I would appreciate any comments or feedback on the attached. I am trying to formulate my thoughts to be positive and get our message across. Greg, it was good to visit with you yesterday. Here are the questions and answers that we promised you at the conference call on Tuesday, November 6. Please review and let Vernon or I know if you need any clarification. What fields can be changed on a nomination and the nomination still keep its flowing gas rights from the previous cycle?